[Music]
hi I'm coach Corey Wayne and this is my
video coaching newsletter and the topic
in this newsletter is going to be does
eye contact really matter
you bet your ass it does when
you look at one in the eyes if you look
away first
you are basically communicating that you
are submissive and you don't have the
confidence to look in her eyes why
because men who are successful with
women men who go for what they want they
look a woman right in the eyes and don't
walk right up to her and approach her
and start talking to her and strike up a
conversation but men who are
unsuccessful with women they look down
the look away that's a submissive
quality and the hotter a woman is the
more confidence that she has and more
successful she is the less intimidated
she's going to be by men and more than
likely when you run into a woman it's a
ten and you make eye contact with her
and you don't break eye contact guess
what she won't break it either and
that's why you need to just continually
walk right up to her just like I'm
looking you just like in the like I'm
looking the camera right now doing
because if you look away that's going to
communicate submissive quality and
you're gonna basically be acting
feminine and submissive and she's right
away going to realize and assume that
you got no balls you got no confidence
and you're gonna completely blow
it right there in that instant so I've
got an email here from a guy who's in
this he asked me about this particular
topic what a co-inky-dink he says hi I
just found your website and I've been
reading your articles and advice does
eye contact matter absolutely I talk
about this extensively in my book he
says I'm a decent looking guy
well-groomed and not needy but I don't
feel like a male to generate initial
attraction and often feel like I don't
know where to take it after a brief
conversation the best way to if you
start talking to a girl just tell her
what you like of our site you got
absolutely penetrating gorgeous
and chanting eyes what are you free to
meet up for a drink tell her what you
like about her it's just like you got
such gorgeous eyes you say you have a
un-fuckin'-believable body or I love
your legs you have the most beautiful
legs you have the most beautiful
golden brown skin I've ever seen on a
woman you just radiate sex
appeal to me what are you free to meet
up for a drink wait for her to respond
she'll tell you when she's available
make a definite day tryna spot just say
great how about we meet at Bob's bar at
1 2 3 Oak Street and you'll say great
well give me your number just in case
something comes up I'll call you
otherwise I'll just see you there is
that cool yeah great what's your number
or you can just give her your phone and
say put your number in there and she'll
put her cell phone in there and then you
see let me give you an irk and just say
let me text you my number so you'll have
it but I'll just see it the plate at the
restaurant or the bar wherever you
happen to meet tomorrow at 1 o'clock 2
o'clock six o'clock preferably obviously
in the evening you won't be doing any
lunch kind of date
make definitely and stay awesome I'll
see you then and give her a hug
and then take off that's all you got to
do don't stand there and hem and haw and
dance around in circles I can tell you
haven't read my book yet so you need to
go to my website and on my website
underneath the email signup box is a
link that will take you to the Amazon
Kindle download page for my book and you
don't have to have a Kindle device to
read my book once you get there on the
right hand side there's a button where
you can download one of their free
Kindle e-reader apps for your Android
smartphone your Android tablet your
iPhone your iPad your Mac your PC
whatever device you want there I already
have an app for it
once you've installed the app which
takes a matter of seconds only takes a
few more seconds to download my book
maybe written no time this is when I go
out in public I'm very easygoing and
friendly when I see a woman that I am
interested in I never noticed them
making eye contact with me that's okay
you should walk right up to her just say
and slowly walk up to it don't run off
to go hey don't don't do that because
you'll freak him out and startle them
and you'll make them think that you're a
stalker or just some whack job
but calmly walk over to and just say hey
he's like I you have the most your most
beautiful women woman I have seen in the
past month and I had to come over and
talk to you what's your name ask her
what her name is
my name is Denise it's nice to meet you
Denise just say I'd really like to meet
you out for a drink when you go free to
meet up this week make a definite date
right on the spot get her number just
like I talked about previously and it's
all you have to do he says it seems like
if they were interested at all they
would make
and that's correct women that are single
and available and looking to meet a guy
they look in the eye and they'll smile I
want you to go to my youtube channel or
go to YouTube just Google Cory Wayne
improving your social skills and I
talked extensively about making eye
contact and how to build up to easily
and effortlessly walking up to anyone
you want striking up a quick
conversation make a definite date
running a spot and then go about your
business
so looks like google that and or you
look search that on YouTube and that
video will come up and do it says never
practice it because it'll become easy
but women who don't look at you more
than likely they or have a boyfriend or
they're not interested or they're just
trying to be left alone but you never
know I mean the idea is if you see a
girl that you really like and you really
want you should go up to her and
tell her what you like about her give
her a compliment authentic compliment
from your heart don't start talking
about her nails or her hair when
you really think she's amazing or she's
got a great ass or a great body or
whatever it happens to be because when
you authentically compliment a woman and
you tell her exactly what you like about
her body or her looks or her eyes you
know usually startle them because
they're not used to men being that
direct and that confident and they'll
like it a lot of times it'll be like you
really think so you'll say those are
kind of be how their reactions are
they'll be surprised because most guys
don't have the balls to do that
you got to remember 97% of the guys that
they're going to encounter a
week and they don't know how to go about
seducing women so that's what I have to
say about that topic read my book
because I talked about extensively
google the video that I did improving
your social skills that's on YouTube
quick just Google Cory Wayne improving
your social skills in that video will
come up watch it go to the mall and do
exactly what it says you'll be amazed at
the results and the success that you get
right away so you have if you have a
topic that you want me to cover in a
future video newsletter go to my website
and on the left-hand side of your screen
you're going to see a contact me tab
click that tab and send me one to two
paragraphs maximum detailing your
questions your situation your challenge
and just got to give me several days to
get back to the response because I get a
lot of email from the internet and I
also get a lot of my paying phone
coaching customers but be patient I will
get back to you if you
want to talk to me right away the
quickest way to get my help is to book a
paid phone coaching session and you can
do that by going to the products tab
which is going to be the top of your
screen click it and just follow the
instructions for booking a paid phone
coaching session and I will talk to you
soon
you